[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
whiskey oh yeah welcome back to satanic initiation it's
great to have you tonight we have a fantastic lineup for you what we're
going to have going on is I'm just gonna come clean with you and I'm gonna bring you my sources and these are a couple of
people that you haven't seen and she probably don't know but
we're getting access to them we're gonna set that ship to go right back to that
purple people have been saying remind me about the purple
yeah there's a good reason for that tonight it all comes together at our point at our Apex
and we will bring forward that birthing Mother Love This Love This this is the
bond of necessity welcome
[Music]
you know as I get ready to take us on a trip we're throwing the throwing the ship into gear we're
setting it for a very sacred time and place we're going back to that mythraic
initiation we're standing there with that girl and we're going to see we're
going to see what becomes of her in the process of this great mystery initiation
remember these are the things that Paul the Apostle didn't want you to read these are the things that Paul didn't
want he had no taste for this right he had no taste we're going to be looking at some drugs
tonight we're going to be looking at some sexual activity um because we're going back into the
cult we're going to see these things historically
throw the ship in gear in order to put your mind into the place that we really
need to go to I want you to be thinking about the vocalizations that are
happening if you and I are sitting here from our Throne right from the throne we
can see everything right from the throne we're looking at this
initiation we need to hear some of the voices we need to hear some of what is
what is being sung in the back we need to hear the Hallelujah did you know that
Tim Hallelujah was stolen it's a stolen term yes it is it comes from this
initiation you kind of see it those of you who can smell Bacchus you feel that feel that in the air a little
bit of Bacchus in the air right of course of course because we honor the muses
and how a group of people can possibly figure out anything without knowing the
language of the people they study that's beyond me it's beyond me I just
want to give a shout out to the people working on linear a as a
student of Emmett Bennett yeah yeah too slow
too slow get your act together every one of your grad students should be cracking
that thing that's what you guys should be working on sorry that was uh
unfortunate necessity you know I was asking the Watchers and
they were like well that's why we go there right it's because you're not going to be able to enter into that
place with Eve unless you come to your dimension I was like well I get it I see that I
see the draw I see the draw I do let's go right there now if you're somebody
great once said I don't remember who it was but somebody great once said
a religion that does not have a mother God
is a destructive religion and I thought about that as I made it up
and I thought it's consistent with what I've seen
yes fantastic tonight I want you to hear the mother goddess sit on that Throne I
want you to hear I want you to hear a Nanke I want you to
hear necessity
[Music]
thank you
oh oh [Applause]
[Music]
so she is who we're looking at I want to take us right to that misread
text I want you to bring that up our our first text this is actually the PGM and
I want you to see I want you to begin to put together and we're looking at the burning purple tonight so I want us to
see it within context go ahead and bring bring me up I didn't we were going to finish with this last time but I just
want you to see ego Amy sumplanos on that third line down who meant Oster I
am the wandering star with you that the line that follows this is sige Siege
silence silence and it has a little logos in parentheses because this is the
direction remember we've brought our daughter here and she is being initiated
so what is this initiation about for our daughter what happens she's being
instructed she's being instructed to remember he told us yes see the drugs
that are at the end right you're gonna have to know how to use those right and this is what you'll do in retoo so it
gives her the logos here is the logos and what does she bring what does she
bring I am the wandering star with you this is what she is supposed to
say to the powers that be the seven okay
and from the depths I shine again this
is what that girl is being initiated into she is the wandering star
and from the depths she shines again she brings back that light she brings
back that Radiance right it's no wonder the luciferians and all the Bringers of dawn
are involved in a in a cult ritual like this in a mystery like this it's it's uh
the language is all there all you have to do is look at the language it's really quite lazy of us right our
evidence is sitting there nobody wants it they want to look at googly eyes come on
come on [Music] crack there is anybody listening crack that thing crack that language
love it there's several anyway recipient stuff too anyway
um let's go back to the second text now let's just step on ahead to the second
test I'm gonna bring you something new and I want you to see it I want you to see it right now this is it right here
okay take it down they've seen it now I'm gonna put it back up in a minute but I want you to know what this is you guys
have been patient and you have been waiting for the goods and you to Yum Yum
Yum you take them right this tonight this is powerful okay here's the
source here's the source this is for fire genetus yeah poor fire
organitis Constantine for fire organitis what is
he like the seventh yeah who cares look at his last name his epithet it's not a
name it's an epithetic he's Constantine born in the purple [Music]
yeah he has this manual put together right can you believe nobody reads this
stuff it's amazing you know why because people have called it a farming manual and who wants to breed a farming manual
right I read Cato that bored me to death right it's got lots of good information
but you know it's not on the it's not on the hip list nobody's gonna make a make
a movie out of this thing right so I want to take you to that tonight and I
just want to read you a a passage about a woman and I want you to see a few terms that
are associated with this cult thing that we're watching unfold the forest this mystery religion yes I fear for them if
you're I know I shouldn't I shouldn't but I fear for them I'm gonna read this to you it's a little
unwieldy this was a nobody has this by the way I have not seen an English translation of this thing right this is
the English this is the geoponica there we go this is the geoponica and it is
um it is perhaps the best kept secret why because it's composed of a whole
plenitude of authors from Antiquity that we don't any uh we don't have sources
for any longer right this is where we find them quoted in this thing and
they're all huge into drugs there's so much drugs and medicine and magic in
this thing it's it's it's unbelievable it's unbelievable okay let me get set up
here give me a sec
I want to read to you from the geoponica and I'm just gonna let Chewie keep that
up for a second so people can see the Greeks to start with but I want you to start feeding them images okay I want
you to start feeding him images as we go so we can all keep up foreign
this action is an inquiry into Violet The Violet yes that you know
um flowering plant yes we're looking at different plants that can well give you
certain things that can do certain things you know things to interact with the violet derives its name from her
from EO or IO isn't that nice isn't that nice and why
is that because Zeus was in love with ayo and being in love
he coupled he formed a pair he formed a pair
and in an attempt to prevent
Hera from seeing to prevent any sort of proof
against him he created
an alteration of nature itself
yes what did he do how did he make this alteration when he was spotted
he hid what was produced
he disguised it yes he disguised it and he changed a woman
into a cow yeah and that transformation
that was an alteration of foosis working directly with that nature
right he's in that Garden that's why Eve is there right it's that
cry that shout there he is changing look at him he's what what is he doing he's
changing her for those of you who are my Greek students it uses anthropon right but it
uses a definite article that's feminine before it right we haven't seen that but you know what that means right that's
nice he made a human who was female into a cow fantastic fantastic in the Earth
honored the Beloved of God the Earth honored the
Beloved of God yes that
power the Earth put into making that flower
that is the portion that is the nemesis
of that cow the Nemesis that cows
Nemesis what is that what is that the thing that was produced they called that
which comes from her and through her
we are initiating into the mystery
through what comes from her and through her
yeah does that sound familiar to anyone if you've been living in a mystery
religion if you've been living in the perhaps if it's not an active one you
know because they don't do the same things they used to right um this thing that you're watching this performance that you're watching this
initiation they don't they don't do this anymore right as soon as as soon as we see the
depths to which you have to go and come back from and turn around and
come back from you know that we don't produce the mystery that ours is a is it
just a like an eggshell casing of what once used to be a mystery that egg broke it
was in a Space Capsule right fantastic this is necessity
this is necessity do you remember do you remember what we did with our daughter
what did we do with our daughter in the initiation we gave her that Violet bring up the
violet the violet yeah or Greek Alice call it balance
perfect Eon violet look at this isn't this pretty oh it's so pretty clean on it also
equals clean on wait a minute what yeah the identifications of plants is kind of
these Herky jerky it's not a precise science and sometimes you get multiple
IDs on one name look at the at the very bottom of that last line look at that
gamma oh look at that you didn't know that was on front did you you didn't know that was on front of the
Violet right the tip of the Violet there is a diagram we on we on the Athenian
Greeks Eon right the Mycenaeans who first had this drug called it weon
weon isn't that nice what is that what happens when you get the we on you cry
hey we are isn't that nice they'll call you Elios
if you do that look there goes Elios right gorgeous gorgeous she is
transforming into the star into the star our initiation is bringing
Dawn you've been smelling let me let me just I need to say this you've been smelling
a god who performs testicular tanning that's
what you've been smelling right this is not his mystery this is
not his mystery this is the mystery of the bringing of dawn of the
restoration of that light if you don't believe me we'll keep reading I love this let's look at some more though
let's spend some more time with Alice this is Alice from uh Alice in Wonderland right yes please fine look at
what Klingon is why the by the way what is this what is this Violet it's also a
lily and look at Roman numer number two a kind of Choral dance look they're doing
the clean on they're doing the clean on they're doing the dance next Alice look
what is eos what is eos look it's the same root it's the same root as Eon so
what does it mean well surprise surprise it means Arrow it means Arrow
Arrow like a bow and arrow Arrow yes like a bow and arrow Arrow
fantastic what is where's that taking us okay remember you're at this ceremony so
when when you're seeing them come out doing their dancing they're Violet do
the Violet and they're doing it in front of you don't be surprised if some of
them sitting around you have bows because this is a bow arrow poison using
culture these are the people who are building the civilization that was so far ahead
that was set so far behind when the mystery was corrupted
by multiple people which we have multiple arrest warrants for I know some of you you've been talking about Jesus's
trans-dimensional arrest warrant right we've got one it turns out update we've
got one now for Moses yeah I've got one now for Moses yeah we're gonna have to bring them all in
right this is a big case under some special trans-dimensional law that to be
honest I really don't understand you got to get yourself a trans-dimensional lawyer for that right
right yeah but
it's our duty as investigators to find out why why the link what Graves what
gave the grand jury the inclination to you know bring it to
bring it you know yeah bring them in our charges right bring the charges
Moses has got it all over him right okay we got to start with Jesus
we'll work our way back to Moses I think if we can make the case for Jesus it'll be you know you know how
it is once one Crime Boss goes down they're all going to go down right it's just you know I can't even but thank
maybe Muhammad will too you know and there's there's got to be a you know is there a connection
um yeah we'll have to bring in more Specialists on that end right either that or people are going to have to
start learning Arabic because I'm not talking to you about the Quran if you can't read Arabic yeah no and like
classical Arabic well right and I'm not going to do it because I'm too lazy I'm too lazy no I've I'm totally filled up
with what I've got to do right Greek and Latin for me are sufficient let's go back let's go back to the next um we've
got more definitions yeah look at this EOS here same root poison as of serpents notice it's the Venom of a Mad Dog you
always put Mad Dogs with lunatics right Mad Dogs and lunatics have the
same responses this is the place that we want to enter when we bring the pocket
cry you mean they were getting crazy with their oracular religion yeah
they were hearing the words of God Isn't that cool the US
that that lover of Theos how dare you by the way how dare you you know who you
were who said it how dare you think that some commoner
some commoner can't be a receptacle for vision how dare you
how dare you that's the attitude that I expect from academics that's why they're
completely useless why you're not listening to evidence you're not looking at things like we're looking at you're
just you're sitting there listening to their stupid ideas right I'm so mad I've got to be careful
what I do from now on right because I'm you know I'm just pretty soon I'm gonna
have had enough you know what I mean everybody knows when you get to that point and you're just like okay okay tell this person who they are show them
pull out that mirror and show them who they are you can do that with these ancient texts you don't think the
ancient Greece and Romans use drugs I can show you the application of drugs via dildo
I can show you that we can we can relish that we can look at it and say what kind
of medicine freakish medicine is this right you have to look into your own
place into your own soul this bocket revelry is all about her right it all
comes back to Aphrodite Bacchus always leads to Aphrodite those
Arabs those Arabs that the Romans were talking about those guys loved it they
love Dionysus they loved Aphrodite that they had all the drugs they're the
ones you know with the drugs they have the drug connections yeah
comes right out of those desert species whether they're snakes or whether
they're myrrh oh God resins resins that make the place
smell right that's one of the things we're missing from this you guys have to what are the smells we're gonna we have
to fill that in somebody brought that up the other day it was a good point music composer of some sort good point
what about the smells nice okay so I'm gonna keep translating this and so
um yeah so the Earth honored her right she honored the lover of of God
she honored that virgin right you remember simile and Dionysus right that
oracular power is always honoring to that beloved of
Zeus right those lovers who are
transformed by Zeus right they who have their Natures
transformed right they are oracular that's the reason we're here
all right it's the reason we're here that cup of Lady Babylon is the oracular cop
right by the way I need to tell I forgot to tell this I'm I'm sorry I'm getting
forgetful of my old age when the Abomination
which one the abomination of desolation when the abomination of desolation is
sitting in the inner sanctuary then you should run
yeah the abomination of desolation what is the abomination of desolation
every guess every guess is wrong but the linguistic proof is clear
it's the abomination of desolation
when you have that mystery cup you are able to enter into that erimosis
Jesus went out into the desert
why to be tried by the devil
to be Tried by the devil do you know what we have to bring if we want to bring lady Babylon back we have to bring
back the elemosis yes when that is in the temple
run run yeah fantastic fantastic
fish I if I'm gonna say one thing every episode until it comes out the
translation comes out I'm gonna keep doing it but you are better than those winning right people I know that I'm a I
studied with Bennett I see talent and I know Talent let's do it this is the new
museum by the way guys we're taking it away we're kicking down the doors and we're taking everything away from give
us those texts give us that Septuagint Bible you are not worthy to guard this
thing anymore not worthy get out we're gonna kick him down we're gonna kick down Jung's door right we step on into
Jung's study just imagine it going right into a studying it's like oh my goodness
and just taking the place apart one stupid bust
of at a time right taking that book taking that red book
and saying as he sits on the floor sucking his thumb this belongs to us now
this red book belongs to us when you see the Abomination of the edemosis
in the inner chamber of the Temple then you'll know
then you'll know the dawn is coming the dawn is coming yeah it's gorgeous
let me let's let's finish our passage let's finish our Violet passage Joey you
can just throw up now Now's the Time to hypnotize let's throw off our images yeah worked on these images it's
beautiful yeah so it's called that which comes from her and through her and this is
clear um this is made clear by the colors by the colors of the Korra to his but wait
what by the colors of the Korra which one and he switches
he switches into a dork eolic form to match the title of a specific goddess
this is the Korah ananke ananke
a Nanke necessity necessity you see that gamma that's
there and that's why I go ahead and add the gamma to the way that I to the G to the way I spell it yes who was a Nanke
ananke emerged from the primordial beginning
she emerged in a snakey form that snakey form the orphics call her fanase
most worshiper as addressedaya address stay as she is the one that you
cannot get past right you must face her you must face
address there you must face necessity and
for those of you who are keeping track with the drugs and the rights
um this is this is a good straight up Midwifery
now in Gynecology especially when we're talking about the lightning right and
bringing that that um New Birth [Laughter] New Birth why didn't anybody get that I
thought that would have been obvious but nobody gets that um this is great can we see the clip one
more time I need to I know we're running over but I need to reset us and then we're going to finish this passage and
um see the the the culmination for the initiate go
ahead
[Music]
oh [Music]
toys [Music] [Applause]
[Music]
for just like the parthenos in our initiation just like the parthenos
in the same way that she grows urgent with the reddening
need with a reddening passion so does the cow
burn in its purple so does the cow
become profyric says or soar our Byzantine source
so does she become you're looking at the you're looking at that transformation of nature fantastic and
she as she undergoes this transformation shines [Music]
she shines and it is clear from this that the
transformation is a transformation of a girl into a star
of a girl into a star yeah yeah
four here's the kicker are you ready here comes that here comes that Eastern wisdom that's
embedded within the Magi right here comes that Eastern that culky
and black sea horse riding poison using
wisdom here it is are you ready
four in whatever the child shines
the woman becomes
yeah that's nice isn't it in those things that are resplendent
that shine forth that is the formation of the woman
goonie right doesn't use the word for just you know person
right it uses the worm the word for that person being the one who enters that cry
that birthing cry right the mother is able to reach into death
this is why you could never have a single God this is why the atheists like
the Christians and the Jews and the Muslims this is why they is atheists because they don't follow the gods they
don't follow nature and they don't follow Justice so you know when you've abandoned the
gods as an atheist and you only have one [__] as your leader
who cannot reach into death and bring from Death life
if you're in a bad you're in a bad circus you're in something that needs to be castrated in DC you're in something that
needs to be castrated that's how the ma the Maas creates the vision of the
physics surrounding them when you are in that world
when you're in that world the world of that motherless
existence you're off track and you're on the way to destruction
it's it's how it is and for that we get the Desolation we have to bring the
Desolation for that it's just the it's the cycle it's necessity right it's necessity so bringing back
lady Babylon people ask and I've had some people comment about
um some some hairy magicians I don't know if they're hairy or not but
um some famous ones you know Alistair so and so and you know whatever
um please people the source that we're drinking from is pure and clean I
wouldn't send you out to a to a urine polluted stream and say drink
this is the Water of Life no if you want the Water of Life you
have to go to that pure spring and you you have to honor that virgin if you are
willing to put your daughter into a place where she can become the star and
that woman can be born with everything that that woman is that bringer of life
yeah if you're able to do that if you're able to put um
an emphasis an energy into that process you know you're a pagan and you've
broken out of the world of that of that man now remember though for those of you
want to give Jehovah a hard time um and say well you know
um you know he's you know he didn't want them to mess up it was just you know
their fault remember it's the first lie that's told by him because when you take
that fruit your eyes are opened you don't die right the death is part of it
right he's being deceptive death is part of it you enter death but they bring you back and when you come back
your eyes are opened and you are naked
yeah do you know the greatest thing the devil did the greatest thing the devil
did was telling Eve no you can you'll live right he just doesn't want you to have a
knowledge that's all he just doesn't want you to know that to be aware of that
right that is what you end up with with a Jehovah you or a Jesus you end up with
somebody who needs to bend it needs to bend the way pagans don't go there
because the nature corrects them the nature keeps them okay I'm sorry I'm
I'm pushing it let's go we need some there's some more great stuff here you guys are gonna love this
um giving you giving you my sources um no I want to go up to right about
here let's go check here okay I want you to just look at the range of the EOS right arrow poison rust remember it's
that rust on crops as well so there's a lot of you know this root is used all
over the place look at this eoplocomos isn't that nice right that that has the
violet hair man that's what that says the violet hair right hairdo right oh
it's it's gross uh Milano tricks
that black hair that black hair right and who has this who wears this die by
the way this is a Dye right who who uses these dies the priestesses
priestesses do isn't that nice like the Medusa you know the Medusa had died here no you do now
gorgeous this is gorgeous you can't you can't get more Beauty than this sometimes I think this should be illegal
yeah who who is eel plaquamos look at this the moysai yeah who who are they they're
the muses they're the muses oh that's nice what about your fossa what about an e of
fossa well that's just the EO plus the force right oh and who is that that's
the name of calcium and who is calciopia as we say are in English
right who is she she is the sister um slash relative slash Medea yeah she's
associated with Medea and why is this coming back to Medea because
all of the purple you cannot take any pathway with a purple without coming
right back to Medea as the source the linguistic source for those of you who
want to say yay it's a it's a communion that Rose in the east no yeah yay it's a
communion that Rose over here you know and you get racist arguments and you get
people looking for errands you get snazis running around you know what I
mean and they never know what they're doing they never know what they're doing because they don't Master the texts they
don't Master the text let's bring it back up notice that it was ferocities
yeah look notice this ferocities you told us this who is the who is calcium she's the one with that powerful
expression of the EOS remember ferocities is the dude go get
this top Pythagoras everything you know or think you know
about orphism is coming through that ferocities and he is the one who is
bringing us back to Medea yeah fantastic right this is this is oh
God we love it next let's go to the next um who is here's another one with the eel through Isla look at this she's the
talks of four look at that first word she's the toxic Force she's the one who carries that poison bow
yeah that poison bow she's the one who pours out the poison hey use
yeah oh God she's that terrible one right she's that frightful one she's the
one with the you know little kill you with her bolts yeah
the poison poorer that's how I like to translate that one um go to the next one yeah and who is
EOP Sophos we couldn't do Artemis right without doing Apollo they're twins right
we're talking about medical Cults here that were bringing our daughters to so here is
um they tell us look it's the it's the eupc Foss this is actually from the safe for us the pebble or stone it's also a
thing that's used in uh throwing dice right coming up with sortes it's a it's
a randomizer and remember according to the Etruscans there is no chance right
2K is chance is
um adrastea is necessity yeah think about that for a minute some
well I know a lot of you are really smart and educated and um I know that a lot of your
professionals um those of you who are mathematicians think about that there's no random uh
concept of randomization in the Etruscan system that supports
remember one of these great atrocan Queens one is great tyrinian Queens he's probably from this pulaskian line is
ruling these people named and we call one of our drugs after her
right we call our drug the cerseien right have you taken the cerseien well
you know I got to do this and I gotta do that right yes so
um that purple is coming through these people and those people those Etruscans are saying um
there is no such thing as chance mathematically it doesn't exist yeah ananke exists you say what can we
put in the place of chance ananke and ananke is ordered which is why I think the guys at MIT are finding order amidst
the chaos [Laughter] they're doing can you believe they're doing that right now it's exciting it's
exciting those nerds are hilarious you gotta you gotta give those nerds over to
Aphrodite they'll do anything um let's go down to the next one
they think they're they think they're with it anyway look what look what happens to her this is what we say
happens to the um to the Violet right in her
transformation she turns into um this irritation this provocation and
notice how the victorians very cleverly gave us the last definition at the bottom and said perverseness
perverseness so is this thing yeah it's about flushing with blood
yeah it's about becoming irate
and you think well that's weird have you ever seen a cow I get to tell my cow story now I'm going to go ahead and tell
it I don't care I'm getting old um my Caster is I was taking care of
cows Dairy right doing milking stuff and one night one of them chased me down and like violently assaulted me and I'm
lucky to get away I'm lucky to get away with uh with my health but she was you
know I don't blame her because she was an asterisk and she had been sitting out she had
been sitting out in this one area for a long time you take the cows that are an estrogena and you quarant you put them
in a different pen right and um so we had them out because you have to breed them and they know you're coming right
they know you're going to be out there to breed them when they're in estrus so she was an actress and she got through
her Corral came over to me and knocked me over and pushed me up against the wall and I was yeah but um she did it
out of love foreign and when she was doing it I'll never
forget the bellowing I'll never forget that earthy groaning
passionate compulsion to mating to Aphrodite everything leads to that
aphrodite we can't have the world Christianity is
the enemy of Aphrodite they do not worship the gods they are atheists
they do not worship the Gods that is why you do not consider
sexuality to be a Divine Act well I don't know maybe
maybe some people recognize their sexual Divinity
um but in Antiquity we're talking about a ritual in which sexuality plays A Part
so and it's impossible for us to get there without the drugs that we're
harvesting within the sexual practices you cannot have early Christianity went
hand in hand with sex right hand in hand with sex we know their Agape feasts were
being broken up for having mothers and sons have sex together
um we know that people were fellating the male member who was the leader of
the theosus they would have called it on the Greek side yeah
coven if you'd like Christian coven right and we know that the O fights
because they carried the symbol of the serpent we know that they were were told
by the Christians who who didn't want to accept them the heresyologists who
established an Orthodoxy we know that they ate semen
yeah right right so when a Christian fellates
his pastor um it it is after they've invited everybody into the Agape feast and then
they say it's a it's probably a ritual expression but it says they kick over the lamps now I don't know if they
actually kick stuff over around I mean who knows but they turn everything off they turn the light sources off and
um then because they Stripped by that point they just mingle and the problem was the Romans were saying whoa whoa
whoa you know your orgies are fine we got orgies all over the place we don't
we're not concerned about your orgy right it's the fact that you're not discriminating man this is not you can't
have an orgy with a mother and a son right that's just no no you just can't
do that so you know hey it was because the Christians were born within the Roman
Empire they had to follow by the Roman Empire's cultural notes that stuff was better off
you're better off an Asia Minor right you'd get away with that right you get
away with that in parts of Greece as well you know but you can't you mind our euthrations could get away with it right
but you're not going to get away with it in Rome so when the Romans are breaking up
the Christian assemblies where the mothers and the sons are having sex together you know
um you know it's just the Hops giving a jump for us to go to Alexandria and arrest all the Pirates right and Origins
like I gotta cut my penis off right it's doing that and all that kind of stuff
yeah it's a crazy time okay um I want to pull us back I meant to get
there through the Violet right and I need to show us a couple more wait I haven't hit my climax yet for the
for the talk bring that bring bring that up more Greek bloodus oh look this is
Tiny so I'm gonna have to look really close so I don't mean to be like weird or anything as if you know because I'm a
pretty normal guy but I'm gonna go ahead and read this look uh just you're gonna have to look into
my eyes I don't care I have by the way in my eyes I have I have dead people you
know look at no look at my eyes can you see the can you see the universe they used to take me in for the at the
hospital to show the medical students because I have a what looks like a solar
system in both of my uh eyes right and it's a corneal thing it's a corneal
thing right but um anyway so I'm a little bit self-conscious I'm sorry that's why I don't like to get up close
um my students used to say don't look into his eyes
can you believe that they loves me though okay and at these most look at
this what is this thing that she enters into um that Violet enters into right that IO
enters into it's the edithismos right that which is called WEA this is that
fly this is that gadfly it's the Mania afrodicion and you hear the afro dicion
you know Aphrodite's in there this is the Mania of the aphrodisiacs
and you just discovered a whole new religion you just discovered a whole new
religion we have aphrodisiacs that will induce an
oracular Mania yeah priestesses of Aphrodite
are the ones that are dealing them and using them and that's why that's why
it's suspicious when these fairy drugs end up in Mary magdalene's hands
yeah the pro pardons or don't worry um fantastic what else does it cause it
causes a porosis this is a porosis this thing entering this phase it's a heating
it's a burning it is Lissa it is listen do you know what Lissa is
blissa is Mania Melissa is what you get when a rabid dog
bites you you get that Mania you get that Mania do you want to put
this on you can put this Mania on imagine yourself
under the influence of the mania-inducing aphrodisiacs
yeah you're gonna come out naked but your eyes are gonna be open
your eyes are going to be more open than they've ever been this is what Jehovah
doesn't want you to have but Eve you can have it
I'll give it to you you know he left me in charge wow I'm not going to keep you from it
all right remember the devil is the best looking of everyone right and the
smartest so I don't know maybe Jehovah you know
he's just thick bro Joe is just thick you know he's kind of gangsterous and
he's just thick and he's got a problem with women right it's not a sacrifice not to
mention this Human Sacrifice stuff what you know it's just not it just doesn't cut it brah your profits oh God right
they got no mother they got no mother when the abomination of desolation sits
in that Inner Space you'll know run let's see okay this is gorgeous last
um yeah and it has the oh it has a form of wings nobody ever believes me until they actually see the evidence but
remember I told you guys the stuff makes you fly right this is where she's going this is
where the Korra is going it's flying
wow wow and it causes the cattle that are
struck by it it causes them to steer toss and they still tosin what is those
of you or my students who are reading the Buckeye right now right and you'll say oh wait a minute that verb is used that's what the Bakken
does the Bakken enters that what does it mean to skirto it means to jump around
and frolic like a young animal in Spring
Frolic this is what the drug caused you to do okay imagine a group of 100 women
under the influence of this drug with weapons yeah imagine what Unholy Beauty could we
possibly could we possibly bring that would outshine that right as the
girl shines so becomes the woman right what does that mean what does that
mean you'd never hear a Christian today Evangelical Catholic I don't care you
would never hear a Christian pondering as goes
The Shining child as the child shines through the woman is born right
right it's gorgeous and it's all based on that fruit and
bringing her out bringing out Eve people say can you reproduce the Mysteries
um
could but we're all scientists here we don't care about your beliefs
we're scientists and if you could reproduce the mystery you'd have to end up with the same product
you'd have to end up with Eve right can we bring back Eve isn't that funny
that that is what the question comes to in history and we can stand back and we say no to Joan of Arc we can say now
your Visions are from the Devil right
we can stifle it you can stifle Aphrodite all you want she'll break through that's why all your preachers
and Priests are in sex scandals right because this is Satan's realm and
Aphrodite is in charge brah Aphrodite is in charge you don't get I know I just
want to talk to you to the Evangelical women who are out there right
you cannot overcome necessity you will want
you will want to express the voice of Eve you want to
yeah why because it's the beauty of nature man it's the beauty of nature
these people that were reading you these texts from these people understand it
and they know the drug connection so next time some scholar comes to you and
starts moaning about drugs and we shouldn't be studying this or this is
not important or I don't see any drugs right open up your eyes people look at
the sources this is something that we have completely abandoned as p as a as a
group who writes our own histories this is this is completely out of it yeah
yeah love it thank you for fire genitis for bringing
us the purple I think that was all the I think that was all the you know I had a couple other well that's okay that's the
last um let me just make sure look just to end on this to oystere is to ecmino to
EK my nose to be out of your mind right so there is a power
that is feminine that has the ability to bring you
out of your mind to submerge you in death
bring you back into a resurrected newborn State and that power is the
savior thank you for coming tonight I'll I'll run off to the late run off to the lady
Babylon site that we're going to and thank you very much for attending
um thank you for your time and hail Satan
drinking whiskey [Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]